This wiggling town can give it more credit
I thought about my space
Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session!
Are you a guest comptroller, Kumail Nanjiani?
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Ken Harmon!
It feels like a town, a town
Thank you!
Guest comptroller, Kumail Nanjiani!
Good to have him back!
Alright, I got dressed in the dark again
and I put on one of Aaron's sweatshirts
You know what? I was going to tell you I really like that sweatshirt
You know what? Maybe I need to have the confidence to wear tiny people's clothing
Because every time I do, people go like, oh, have you lost weight?
And I'm like, no, you should say the opposite
I'm bursting out of the little doll clothing
It's also purple, that's also part of the vibe
Yeah, well that's good, it's modern
It's my favorite color, purple
I don't want to talk about fashion
You should start every episode like that
I want to talk about people with children
and how they should stop bringing them to fucking hipster parties
I'm 41, it's already hard for me to be at a party of 25-year-olds
I don't want your fucking three-year-old
wandering around bumping into walls at 8.30pm
when there's a campfire over here and a keg over there
It's like, nahhh!
This should get fucking spider whiskers on her face
because you're a 25-year-old parent
You're so close to fucking everything up already
and it's so hard for me to be at a party
and your three-year-old is complaining about shit
and I'm the only other one other than this person
that's not going to talk to anybody
So I'm stuck with your three-year-old
but then I have a choice between looking like a pedophile
and looking like a curmudgeon
because your kid's going like, I don't like this, I don't like that
and I'm biting my tongue because I'm like, bitch, no one cares what you like
Look at me, I created community, I ain't talking to anybody either
Just keep eating dirt
and their names, their names are always like Hunter or Dagobah
Ophelia, Dagobah, stop, Chewbacca, Chewbacca, go to...
The worst thing isn't the kids
because the kids are fine, whatever, they're dumb
they're as dumb as their parents and worse
because they don't know how to read yet
but their parents are the worst
because their parents are 25-years-old
and their parents think that producing another silver-like hipster out of their loins
licenses them to be the same people they were at a party only now louder
They now, I get to be the big doofus lumbering around the party
only now, every once in a while, I get to go, Clement, what are you doing?
Clement, Clement, god damn it, shut the fuck up
shut up, stop yelling at your kid, like talking over
like, what are you doing, what are we saying, what are we doing?
There's a lot of we
when you go to the farmer's market, it's a fucking nightmare
over there
Who's, what's going on over there, buddy?
Yeah
You're occupying space with other human beings
those same people will complain about cell phone usage in a bar
Hey buddy, take that phone outside
just take your fucking three-year-old away from my life
get him out of here
hey, suspender, what are you doing over there?
the itsy-bitsy spider
shut the fuck up, I'm trying to drink
it's like, there's a fire
at child level, we're in a backyard
get your kid home
you had a child, you're out
yeah, tap out at society
you know the rules, you know the rules
you reproduced, you're out of there
there's beer here, there's fun here, you're gone
you replicated
get out of society
go play itsy-bitsy spider if it's so fucking fun
you're acting like it's fun because I'm here
it's not fun, itsy-bitsy spider
it's repetitive and derivative and shitty
like your kids
yeah
it's the 27 dresses of shit you say to kids
the Matthew McConaughey didn't know how to commit so he wrote a marriage column for a...
I think that's a plot of seven Matthew McConaughey movies
he doesn't know how to commit, girls
I will say, I don't know much about parties
but if your options at parties are either looking like a curmudgeon or a pedophile
go with curmudgeon
well then I'm gonna tell a lot of little girls to fuck off
yeah, that's better than, is the creator of community trying to seduce our child?
because I went to, you know, I have a wife now
and I...
which ratchets me up into suspicion of pedophilia by like
150%
yeah, why would he get married if he didn't want to fuck kids?
I'm just saying, I fit the profile even more
I'm one white van away from like
it's...
I'm just saying like, my wife
the girlfriend where it sticks in my throat now
my wife, my wife
made a bunch of pies for a pie party
and we took him to a backyard
she's 30
I'm 41, I don't have pie parties
we went to a backyard
that's exactly the age difference between my dad and my mom, 11 years
she was 16 though, so
I guess my dad got married because he was a pedophile
it was a different time
it was on the bubble
and it was on the Pakistani Riviera
where, you know, blame it on Rio
laws are cheap and life is cheaper
and everything is controlled indirectly by a distant a la goblin
did you call him Allah goblin?
is that what you called him?
no, Allah goblin
oh, I thought you said Allah goblin
no
you know, this is going everywhere
we're not laid back people
I never said Allah goblin
tell your friends, I did not say that
alright, settle down guys
put that away
Allah goblin
it's like a monopoly, but it's with a bunch of old rich people
not Allah goblin
no, no, Allah is not a goblin
if you're watching this
he is, he's watching everything
he doesn't need fucking YouTube to see this
it's not Allah, I'm worried about offending
it's his goblins
it's his biggest fans
so I wanted to, okay, so keep your fucking...
if you're 25 and you had a kid
you're still a child
learn to interact with your child
and have a handle on them before you take them to a party where I'm going to be
because I'm already at a party with children
like you, a 25-year-old
and now you're fucking spouting
like little Mogwai
I'm going to mention all of you in my suicide note
I'm going to go suspender and itsy bitsy spider
and that's why Hemingway is done with all of you
I'm barely hanging on for dear life
I don't like, because it's also weird
if you meet a baby and the baby doesn't like you
everyone's like, what's the fucks wrong with you?
it's a stupid baby
I love telling kids to fuck off
fuck you, and then they start liking you
it's like the oldest lesson in the book
it does kind of sound like you're trying to fuck the children
my wife made some pies for a pie party
we took them to the pie party
there was this grubby little girl, this little fucking urchin
rolling around in the dirt
and she was like, as people put the pies down on the table
I was watching her, no one else was watching her
do you sound like the wrong side?
I was watching her
that's the wrong side of the curmudgeon pedophile
when I was watching that party, I saw her
I noticed her, by the way
now we realize what my problem is
alright, I surrender, you're right
but she was digging into the pies
we're going to eat those, you fucking grub
where's your hipster parents?
they wouldn't let you eat their fucking shit
with your grubby gremlin hands
that's my wife's pie, you bitch
and then Erin put her pie down
and one of her fucking 11 awesome pies was like this bacon pie
and the little girl looked at the pie
she was going from pie to pie, digging into it
with her fucking claws
her little hepatitis claws
her little dirt talons
that she was just using to play with worms
and be like, this worm should marry this worm
okay, now pie time
and it's like, now we're all like, why am I sick?
why am I dying?
her Ebola paws
so she's digging, I'm watching her digging
no one's stopping the kid
no one's conscious of the kid, I'm the only one
because I'm either a curmudgeon or a pedophile
and I watch her, she digs
pie, pie, pie, she's going from pie to pie
and she's like, it's like my dog
she's like, maybe it's like off the rim
she's like grabbing little crusts
and like their mouth and her claw and her mouth
and then Erin sets one of her pies down
and it's a bacon pie and the little girl looks at the pie
and she goes, I don't know
I don't like bacon that much
and I, oh
I wanted to go bitch, no one cares what you like
yeah, no one cares what you like
and you're going to spend the next 80 years
if you're lucky learning that
no one cares what you like, no one
you, it's you
in a fucking vast sea of apathy
you fucking
like who put it in your head already at this age
those are the first words you're learning to farm
I'm not sure about this kind of pie
fuck you, 9-11 should have happened then
to her?
I didn't say any of that to her, I'm like
okay
you should have explained to her, she probably doesn't know what 9-11 is
you should have killed her
I'm not engaging her
but then I'm sitting down by the fire in the backyard
which can burn a human being
and then she's like, I wanted to sit there
and then her parents are finally
her parents come to the stage and goes
the chairs are hers, and I'm like
okay, but in my head I'm thinking
then take her in a fucking dark corner and set her shit straight
it's a chair by a fire
they're sociopaths
kids are sociopaths
stop replicating
and partying
I'm gonna do it, the world needs
where Dan Harmon's, I'm gonna make them
I'm gonna keep them in my ivory tower
and teach them to rule over you
I'm gonna show them dolls
and say, this is what?
a normal person, what's your job?
control them
I'm not gonna make it your problem
you will meet them at 16
when they emerge cross-legged floating
they're like
lifting your cars with their
magneto powers
they'll come out and they'll be like
I don't like bacon that much, I'm like fuck
I'm fucked up
what did I teach you
alright, one thing quick before
we bring out our special guests
I wanted to do, you have your
I have this text exchange with Rob all day
I don't know if this will translate
my friend Rob Schrab
who is a known
yeah, you're a big fan of his
cause he's a terrible person
so here's a
text exchange I had with him today
you're gonna read Rob's parts
I'll read my own parts
is blue you
or is white you? blue is me
I don't see color but
to me white is everyone
oh thank you
you're welcome
you just gotta apply yourself
that's my problem
and later on
we have some lesbian women
coming up but I don't even know that
to me they're both white women
I don't know
I don't see sexual preference
I just see that they're beautiful white women
one of them might be Latin
I don't know, her last name is Esposito
she doesn't look super Latin
yeah, good for her
alright
alright so
here we go, I'll be Rob Schrab
okay, so I get this text from Rob
this is like what it's like to be his friend
have you ever seen
all that jazz?
out of nowhere
once when I was a kid
it's a Bob Fosse biopic
that Bob Fosse wrote and directed
yeah, I vaguely remember it
Roy Scheider
dies in the end
I knew it was about Fosse but I didn't know
he had a hand in the movie
you should do make a movie like that
good idea
you should call it all that jazz
so if you have fantasies about me
I said um
yeah, that's a separate text
um, is it's own text
I feel like you kind of walked me down a path on that one
you know
because you like jazz
and jazz is still
in caps
he keeps capitalizing jazz
like it's an Adams family member
because those are the only things that are capitalized
you know, because you like jazz
I think I got it, yeah
when's the last time you saw Rocky?
this is hours later
I
guess when I was younger
I don't know
20?
you should make a movie like Rocky
but base it off of your life
would it be called
would that scan?
smell butt
what is that?
that sounds nothing like Rocky
it has two syllables
that's the only similarity
I wasn't trying to
is that a requirement?
well, it's a movie like Rocky
and it's about my life
but the title reflects none of those facts
nobody looking for the movie will be able to find it
and nobody that comes across the title
will know if it's something in which they'd be interested
end of conversation
he really did
all that jazz was quite a long walk
he really
like
keep fantasizing
about being friends with Rob Schrab
if you want
why don't we bring out our guests
they have a new
is it new feral audio podcast?
it's a feral audio podcast
why do you always like new things?
it's like that fucking 3 year old wandering around
digging her dirty hands into pies
maybe this has been a podcast
for 60 years
that's called put your hands together
and they're also like
recently accidentally
virally noted
for these buzzfeed
is it buzzfeed videos?
ask a lesbian
welcome Cameron Esposito
and Ria Butcher
hello
anywhere that makes you comfortable
are you guys
drinking?
folks do you want to?
we're generally not drinking folks
which is totally weird for the comedy world
I know that Ria we talked about
in the green room is
a remarkable
image of a vegan
vegan or vegetarian?
even in the womb
your mother
even though you're from Akron Ohio
it's not like you're from a bubble
you're not from some google bubble
in space
but your mom never ate meat
so even in the womb
your body, your blood, none of it
has ever touched meat
and you've just never eaten meat
and look at you
Michael J. Fox
Michael J. Foxy
your twitter avatar
is like you in the drawing
of somebody made of you in the orange vest
I think it's my tumblr avatar
or something but yeah it's me as Marty
you're super into back to the future
super into back to the future
you love it a lot
you know I watched Teen Wolf
two days ago and I hadn't seen it
in like 20 years
he had Teen Wolf and Back to the Future
the same year
Back to the Future was number one
Teen Wolf was number two and he was on
Family Ties
he was sleeping in his car
in between Back to the Future and Family Ties
because he would go shoot
Back to the Future at night
and then he would shoot Family Ties during the day
Teen Wolf is a terrible movie
does it not hold up?
it's a guy turns into a werewolf
and nothing happens
I believe he's good at basketball
that's nothing
just practice
get good at basketball
but I remember it being about
I remember it being about being yourself
as opposed to falling back
on the thing that makes you
I don't know
marketable
I also think it kind of came out at this time when
I figured that somebody would be very good at sports
it wasn't really
this is like a pre-Jordan era
they would have to be a wolf
to be good at basketball
if they're white
they'd have to be a wolf
something about that movie
that really registered with me
I'm sure it doesn't hold up
I'm informed and inspired
by a bunch of crap that I watch
and it's like this doesn't hold up
but the really
impacting thing creatively about Teen Wolf
was that they were doing this
like traditional
garbage-y 80s movie
he's a wolf and it's blah blah blah
and then there's that moment
the plot point where
he turns into a werewolf on the basketball court
and instead of going left
they go right
it's just like some writer thought
what if he turned into a werewolf
on the basketball court and then
everyone went
or then he starts dribbling the basketball
and it's like if basketball
is so fucking important to you
you have to stop the game because
I turned into a werewolf or you gotta play werewolf
a basketball against a werewolf
and then they just go right
instead of left and the movie continues along
the lines of like what if being a werewolf
was just a metaphor for being like
I don't know what
that's a coming out story I just realized that
in a world where
we still needed more movies about it being okay
to be something it was like teen wolf
was actually a cautionary tale
sent from the past to today
maybe for people going like
hey lesbian, hey differently
abled person, hey black person
don't let your superpower
like uh
don't forget to just play basketball
yeah when you guys
came out did you guys get really good at basketball
I got really good at basketball
I mean I did get this haircut
which I feel like is probably
pretty teen wolf informed
well I feel like
because I watched the movie Frozen last year
on a plane and I was
like alone watching this movie and I just hadn't read
anything about it because I don't like to read about movies before I've seen them
and I had no idea that that movie
is just about a gay person
like that movie is about a gay person
she just wants to be left alone
well she's like
I have to hide who I am
because my parents don't like me
also men are terrible
a lot of what she says
she's super gay
she's like gotta wear gloves
that's part of being a lesbian all the time
and I was like
on a plane just wanted to like make a friend
so I could just be like this is a gay movie for kids
you know but
I don't talk to people on planes
this is a lot of other like Frozen though
you could interpret that a couple different ways
I never looked at that through a gay lens
I look at everything through a gay lens
did you want a gay lens
yeah I went to gay lens crafters
did you bring the gay lens
I want to look at it
oh my god
the A team was
the gay team
Mr. T just wanted to fuck everybody
but he wasn't allowed to
that's not what being gay means
like early gay
you're too young for the back to the future
you seem like a youngster
maybe it's just the vegetarian
it's the vegetarian and the lesbianism
she's 42
it's a fountain of youth
when we were doing the community Christmas episode
with the stop motion
we watched all the rank and bass stuff
and I was stricken by the
really kind of healthy
super by our modern lens
progressive
thinly, properly veiled
pro-gay
endorsement that was the elf that just wanted to be
he wanted to be a dentist
and he was like I don't want to be an elf
I want to be a dentist
they say I was born an elf but I'm not
I was born a dentist
I want to take care of teeth and I want to do that stuff
and he did a little dance number
I was looking and he was like wow this is like really
we don't have this much craft
these days now that we're
actually trying to accomplish this
I really do like what is Rudolph
these are all gay stories
everything is gay
Jesus was gay
Jesus was totally gay
that's why they killed him
Buddha was gay
Buddha was just a big gay bear
what about Muhammad
say it into the camera
don't tell him
why is it always this camera for the
I don't know
straight feed
yeah it's going right to the headquarters
it's the Camel Cam
but like for instance back to the future
Superhold is up that's a fucking great movie
yes it is
Teen Wolf is not
it reminds you that you were a dumb kid
saying you didn't like bacon but you like Teen Wolf
right yeah yeah yeah
and I don't want to hear your bullshit
because there are people in this audience
that will stick up for space balls for God's sake
so fuck them
but the truth is
you just don't like movies with the word space in the title
the truth is Goonies doesn't even hold up
like the sacrosanct wonderful
fuck off
it doesn't hold up
it is not a movie it is garbage
it's a pile of spaghetti
spilled out at your feet
asking you to figure it out
it doesn't make any sense
nothing
when you set it next to Back to the Future
which is
I'll be very careful mother fucker
Back to the Future's screenplay
took seven years to write
like they were writing that for seven years
and a couple of those years
interviews I've read
Bob Gale was wrestling with
what would happen if
in the car with the mom at the prom
and
you've probably delved into this stuff
and read about this
at the end of it all
they realized
it took them forever to come up with the simplest thing
in the world which is that the mom kisses
the son and then she goes
I don't like it
it's like kissing my brother
it's like I'm kissing my brother
yeah and it was like that took years
they were stuck on that for years
I mean they also wanted him to time travel
in a refrigerator
which then showed up in Crystal Skull
I'm sure all of you know
but yeah
that screenplay is like
it's like the tightest screenplay ever made
there's like not a wasted minute
no that's interesting
what?
because I think you forgot about the movie Alien
you don't like Alien?
no I love Alien
but like if we're talking about tight screenplays
not a wasted shot
Back to the Future
Alien was
Alien's a tight screenplay
tight screenplay
but which one is more fun?
at the end when Sigourney takes off her outfit
and she's just wearing a tight screenplay
that is a tight screenplay
you can see everything
all the notes
all the acts
I just keep thinking about all the arguments
I have a movie to watch with Aaron
I'm gonna be a lesbian so bad
you guys are arguing about
two different kinds of good movies
yes
when was the last time you saw
Burton's Batman
we were just watching it before we came over here
I can't abide it
garbage
oh wow
we were watching it we couldn't believe that it held up
actually I'm gonna say something very unpopular
which is that I don't like
Christopher
I don't like Christopher Nolan's movies
very much
because I think he
he's like really
he's just like
what is it would you say?
I wouldn't say awful let's go with a more intelligent analysis
I just think he
he thinks he's
pretty smart a dude
and sometimes he wraps
a pretty
cool bow around
a nonsense word
I was a little disillusioned
and then I went back and watched
we watched Burton's Batman and I was like
oh this is like an amazing movie
I haven't watched it in a while
it was like five or six years
I'll watch it again with Aaron
we'll check it out
there is no way Tim Burton's Batman is better than The Dark Knight
well
we've got a live one here
well I mean
it depends on how you want to see your Batman
do you want to see like a whiny guy
that can't get his voice to come out right
because he's trying to get over an accent
or do you want to see like a dude who's like
pretty sweet to Kim Basinger the whole time
he's like never
he's like never that much of an ass
he's just like I got this whole other thing going on
yes or no like are you in or out
and she's like I'm an adult person
that's in control of myself
and also I'm in
then The Dark Knight's just like
God my mother's so big I can't stop crying
I think are you are you
Rhea are you do you disagree with this stuff
are you a Christian Bale like Batman fan
well I enjoy The Dark Knight but that's about it
right like I'm definitely more of a Michael Keaton Batman
and I keep watching The Dark Knight
over and over again because
it's sort of like
it's like a Scorsese movie it's like
I just keep like I just
but and I think that that points to like
the guy is like a really powerful director
really powerful cinematographer
and most importantly what you can observe
from everything laying around it
obviously Heath Ledger is the
like is the thing that we're going
back to I think
it's that plus the
the foundation that Christopher Nolan
cast over everything I'll even
once in a while I'll be like
did I not get inception
and then you're like oh no
he didn't get inception
and it's like every time like
the logical part of my brain
the writer part of my brain goes this is
insipid this is garbage but
my eyeball part of my brain which is
never stimulated I'm always like god damn it
it's so fucking good though absolutely it's
he's making gorgeous things but the problem is that
so The Matrix
is a great example of making
a beautiful movie where they're like oh
does this also make sense and I feel like
for Christopher Nolan if he was just like hey I'm a
gorgeous artist I make gorgeous stuff I should get
good screenplays yeah
exactly I wish he wasn't always just like
guys I gotta explain why this is so
pretty by writing it
yeah gotta go through it
get away from the typewriter that's all it is
when's the last time you saw okay so then
I would say this absolutely Heath Ledger
Joker's great but we were really
also enjoying
Nicholson's Joker just because it's like such a stretch
for him it's very funny that's why
I kind of want to watch it again I just
I since
Tim Burton
like he is so
theatrical and everything it's like I get
I get distracted by
I feel
I like I feel like the
crooked doorways and the purples and the everything
like I feel distracted
by them everything's on a sound
stage in a Batman that's what I really
think
that when Nolan did Batman
the thrilling thing was that
we were in genuine exteriors using locations
and that things felt paramilitary
the cosmetics
made you allowed you to
believe in Batman in a visceral
way and whereas
like I don't like you can
see the dangers of
Burton's Batman in
what's his names Batman
I refuse to say
yes
his name should not be spoken
with the purple nipples and the
Daeglo brain fights
it's kind of like well
didn't Burton set you up to do this
isn't this what you liked it's like
when I watch Burton's Batman I'm like
yeah what are we doing we're like
revving this like fish shaped
roller coaster car through a sound
stage and having these acrobats
kick box each other and stuff
yeah I mean even Burton
evolved from Burton in like ways that
people maybe should have
just stay with the scissor hands unless with the
yeah scissor hands with the guy
let's digress
we lived in Chicago at the time
actually when they filmed The Dark Knight
which is also interesting because that was
very much a part I mean nothing is
well before that nothing was really filmed there
now they really encourage filming but did you
ever see any I remember they would put up
signs and they would say that a movie that
was being filmed there called First Kiss
Rory's First Kiss
yes that's right and it was Batman
cause I actually worked at a screen printing
company at the time that was
making like the emblems and stuff for
the Gotham City police
so they were making like in a robe for Harvey
Dent which never got made but
yeah it was all for Rory's First Kiss
and I worked on the street on LaSalle street
where they filmed the like final charge
and they were and it was all labeled as
Rory's First Kiss but there was like a Gotham City
Helicopter so
alright
so I want to let you guys go
because you have the birthday party to go to
and I promise not to keep you
but you're pot I'm not
kicking you out yet but I want to announce that
cause I'm terrible at letting people go
you have a podcast called Put Your Hands Together
which is like a stand up podcast
where you can come to see podcast
comedian people do
comic things
you guys run it together and you're like hosting it
I haven't
you're rapping
go ahead sorry
it felt like you were trying to figure out what a show is
well I'm not sure
they have a podcast but it's a stand up format
I don't know if the stand up
come and talk about their lives
on the thing or if it's a live podcast
where you guys are hosting a stand up show
it's a great question
yeah it's a show
I just spilled so much
water in my crotch
so much it's all the way through
but it's every Tuesday night at the UCB
and it's a live stand up show
that runs for 75 minutes
and Ri and I co-host it
and we do hilarious jokes
and then also stand ups come and perform
and we didn't think that this
we took a real risk when we started it two years ago
because we just said like maybe if we do this
stand ups will let us use their material
and most of them do
we never we say you can have your set cut
if you want it and we can do an interview instead
and that's also fine and sometimes you just get
like a great interview with somebody who's about to go on
Conan and they're like practicing their Conan set
but a lot of it is just like
material which is awesome because
there are so many people that
don't get a chance to be
like I don't know if LA ever realizes how lucky
LA is because everybody just lives here
so you can go to a show at the meltdown or at the UCB
and it's just like oh these people are only in
like majorly big budgeted
films not like enormously big budgeted
like we can't believe it's just like Louis C.K.
and not like Louis C.K. writing
Jerry Seinfeld like what are like
this is bullshit
we can't believe we're just like not watching
Maria Bamford and also Sarah Silverman
doing the arms for each other from behind
like this
so you're spoiled audiences
but people in Kansas City they don't get to hear
eight great
comics on the same show they don't get to hear anything
they don't get to hear anything there's no
airs in Kansas City
they got nothing out there
Missouri and Kansas
sounds free America
and the thing that doesn't need to be
plugged is these
charming awesome
like mother friendly Ask a Lesbian
there's this video that's like
billions and zillions of
more views than community has had
Nielsen numbers just and
we were talking about in the greener like how does that happen
what does that happen we made a video called Ask a Lesbian
and it's like pretty it's there's
nothing really shocking in there it's like
I hear the questions for Ask a Lesbian is
saying no never really
I've had this argument so many times thank you
it's not a thing
you could have just called us
whenever you had that argument
we will come and defend you
yes you can I'm giving you the permission
weird question
not that I'm not
I honestly wanted to be a real thing
but if you think about it scientifically
it doesn't make sense it's not doing anything
for anybody well now come on
if you're a lesbian couple and you're out there and you want to
be with each other I think also you guys would agree
with me go ahead try it
I have had women debate me after shows
like only a couple
there's always like a couple lesbians that are like I do it
and I love it and I
don't believe them because
you've been a lesbian for three weeks
yeah what are you rubbing
what's going on with your thighs
you can get them so
they always walk up to you really uncomfortable
they're like oh it's
totally a thing they got no
pants on they're just real winnie the pooh
oh legged
because the things you're trying to get
to align are very small
yeah in the grand scheme of
things and you should just you should just
grab them I mean just grab
like before you should rub them together you should just
grab them grab them because gay men
I doubt even gay men
have a big flappy thing coming out
and I bet I bet they spend very
little time just rubbing them together
no yeah and they can
they can do it
they could just like
tap them together and I bet they don't
a lot that's amazing
well I think that people are really
confused about what lesbian sex looks like
because of lesbian porn
because lesbian porn is always like it's like
two women scissoring they have super long fingernails a pizza guy
comes he's like do you want me and they're like
yes so then it's all labeled
lesbian and it's just like very
even the movie blue is the warmest color has like
27 minutes of scissoring
one question one question
you kind of sidestepped as a joke
in your video the I think
it was like one of the first questions is
do you get excited
looking at your own boobs
which is a question I never even thought to ask
no but you also
sidestepped it with a joke you did is there an answer
to that question is that
I'm gonna guess no you don't
yeah well not your own right you're not
turned on you're probably like hey these are
great boobs this is so great that someone
else gets to enjoy them or whatever
you know what the lesbians
answer
go ahead
well um I what do you
want to answer first and all I mean usually
I you know look in the mirror and give full
eye contact to the boobs and then I'm like you're
doing great but
well I think that so here's the thing I
mean uh
what don't answer
what don't be stressed it's okay I'm comfy
with my body thank you so much for protecting us
because you were between two men who were like
why are your boobs like so
I really appreciate that
but it's okay we're friends with Kumail
and Dan's a great dude we're on it's okay
I'm curious what could be I'm curious
though about that that outburst what could be
gained by not answering what could possibly
be happening and I really I don't mean that
rhetorically what what could be happening are we
bullying by asking no I think maybe it's just like
you know anytime you ask a woman about her bod
there's like a bit of a revelatory thing there
but I mean I to me I just say that no I don't get
returned on my my my own bod but I do think
sometimes I'm like you looking great in them
undies but um
real tight screenplay
I
I've never seen purple screenplays
before
that's a lacy screenplay
I think I think young lady whoever
whoever felt compelled to be protective like that
I want to be clear about this I was asking
because they made a video and that was one of the
questions in the video I wasn't like like like
calling you guys up and like
we got called up here from this
we stopped
I wanted to answer you know it's like
the question was asked and answered in this
viral video some seem a million people and I was
like I wanted to do like a little director's cut
of it like is there is there an actual
answer that question I have a I have like
an even more personal answer which is really
a probably two person which is that
Ria has better boobs than I do
why are people clapping?
I have great boobs but I think
she's got the better boobs but that's kind of
cool thing about being a lesbian is you're like
you've got the boobs and I
have a what do I have
the money
say something a beautiful face
a beautiful face
I don't know
you have a great ass
thank you for God's sake
what about the hole
I'm sorry this is disgusting
the other question
did you say
what about the hole
the other question I had never
thought to ask until you guys told me that
you just recently got engaged or you got
engaged this year
and I think
if you're a straight guy in the audience
you may suppress it because you live in
Los Angeles but there's probably an
immediate question of like who proposed
like how do you
that was my first question I was like here's a
lesbian question who proposed and I
don't know where joke separates from
reality but and I think the answer is
you just don't but the answer from
you guys was that Ria because she has
like
it's easier to kneel down
oh yeah I can't
like
well yeah Ria proposed but that was just
because
why was it you and not me
do you know the hair
I feel like I
knew that I wanted to be with you but I was
like too shy to do that and then we
went to this top of it we were in Griffith
park we're in the top of this beautiful mountain
I like hiking Ria hates hiking she woke me up
really early in the morning was like let's go for a hike
and I just like didn't think anything was weird
and also she didn't tell me to like
put on good clothes because so
I was wearing garbage
jean shorts and very much and like
a sun hat that goes all the way around
yeah we had
water bottles
Ria sat in
gum right before
she sat in gums all over her ass
and then and then a hawk
flew by and then she
got down and proposed but the funny thing about
getting proposed to at the top of a mountain is
that you never think about like
now we have to go down
we're just up here
we didn't even have service we couldn't call anybody
we just had to like
we want to hike back down
and then get close
and go to brunch like what do you want to do
I got to change the laundry
had you guys
discussed before that you were going to get married
was it a total surprise
like a lot of nowadays
I would think a lot of couples are like hey we're going to get married
yeah we'll get married at some point
was it a conversation you guys had
I think when we moved out here together that I just figured
like
like as long as Ria
doesn't move back to Chicago
we're getting married
that was kind of the thought in my mind and then
had you guys talked about it
I don't think we did I think we maybe talked about it and like
I'm going to marry you
that's talking about it
I mean that could be the most devastating
talking about it there is
we are in moments of passion we're like
I'm going to marry you and it's like oh shit
like
I mean you can't just change your mind
about that like and yet sometimes
it's something you really want to say
alright well
one more thing you know what she called my dad
for real
I did not have the balls to do that
I did not
my girlfriend's
girlfriend's my wife's
girlfriend at the time her
yeah I should have done that
you got permission?
yes I did
I'll say this I didn't need it
he was like I don't need to give you this
but I really appreciate you talking to me about it first
before you did it
which is the key dad response
perfect response
dad can we get a dad transplant
for these folks I'm sure my dad
yeah I'll take one too
he's a tiny Italian crying man
and I just knew
that he would need to hear from Rhea
and so I just actually told her that
like if you ever think about it you should talk to my dad
just because like not that he is possessive
but just that he would just like
that would make him happy till the day he died
like he just would be like I like Rhea
I'm going to die in a second
please come in here
I have to tell you again
like this will be his last words
that and I love your mother
that's the other one
your mother
no
that would be a terrible revenge
what
yeah
I know you guys are human beings
and individuals and not representative
of anything and not symbolic and icons
but that makes me want to cry so much
the idea of a
dad of a
going giving his blessing
that makes me like so
I just want to
melt into a liberal puddle
and
like slow into some
gutter and just join
Obama in heaven
and rain down
in every country
make everything green and vegan
and
just turn the moon
into a
rainbow
I don't know
into a titty
what about your titties
I'm so sorry lady
I feel like
I hate myself through her eyes
don't answer
wait what am I Jim Belushi
no we're all
just don't answer
just stay strong
don't let him hurt you
it's just
podcast I'm a beta male
I'm almost a lesbian
myself
okay
well I don't know
your album your album is doing fine
you probably don't need to plug it was it same sex symbol
same sex symbol it's doing really well
actually thank you guys
listen to their podcast
put your hands together and
please thank you Cameron and Rhea for coming
thank you Dan
bye guys drive safe
so good
I'm bad I'm bad at
bad at saying goodbye
bad at interviewing
oh and I'm going to use this to plug
something of mine that Rhea does all the time
which is this podcast
called X Files Files
which is also on Farrell
what are you doing what are you doing
I'm just taking a moment to plug this podcast
I do it's called the X Files Files
Rhea does it all the time
should listen to that should listen to you and your wife
talking on the indoor kids
should have
your wife come by as a guest I keep thinking
yeah yeah well she used to be a couples
therapist and yeah well she's not
well you're not doing a show here next week so
couple weeks okay but
yeah alright look at these empty
seats they were delightful huh look at this limitless
potential
we never did find out what
they thought of each other's whole
life
which they brought up
I wish
I wish we could have gotten to the bottom
of lesbianism as I call it
as a
lifestyle choice
what makes you choose it I forgot to
ask them that
why lesbianism
why not survivalism
or
doomsday prepping
like it's a hobby
yeah
some people collect stamps some people are lesbians
let's bring
somebody out here
whose name I kind of changed
recently
my wife Erin
Kathy Harmon
hello do you
get turned on by your boobs
um
it was kind of loud backstage
do I get turned on by my boobs
yeah
no
it was a callback and we can move on
maybe I should say yes
maybe that sucks there yeah
it's just so around
and I look at them
I'm like that's you
and I'm like but they're like
candies on a on hills
of
I often wonder when I get
and get out of the shower
and I see myself in the mirror and I'm just like
what in the world
who would ever
why
you got out of the shower this morning
and I woke up to a naked
and I was like oh
and I will admit most of my sexual
turn on andness was from the fact that I knew
that you had just taken a shower
I control the market
the bar is low
yeah
kumail is going to look like Greg Luganis
and he's got a swimmer's body
yeah
the height of male attractiveness Greg Luganis
I guess I
just popped in my head
Greg Luganis was very sexy
but mostly known for having AIDS and being a gay diver
I would
I guess I'm more progressive than you guys
I just see him as a fit man
yeah he was just a hot
bod to you so progressive
I'm definitely on the
Tim Burton Batman
in that camp
and not mention Danny DeVito
as the penguin
that performance is so amazing
dark night too dark
no one
and why did they spell night wrong
oh boy
rude
it's like it's day and night I know
there's no k
I can't do my impression of my wife's
this is
me at the altar
having spent
a day and a half
almost physically nauseous
like retching like thinking
like I gotta write these vows
I gotta memorize these vows
I gotta make these vows right
and I gotta do them good
and then here's my impression of my wife
the officiant goes like
they've written their own vows
and Erin goes
well you know
what
she didn't write her vows
she just improvised them
she was like you know I love you and stuff
but then she did have a highly
choreographed dance and song
no she did
her love was not a
up for debate
I just thought it was funny
I think the writing of the vows
and the memorization of the vows
is a thing maybe for the groom
because I did
I am thankful looking back on it
that I had something
otherwise I would have been melting down
thinking about the idea that I was getting married
and instead I was melting down
like a sixth grader about to go play
Marco Polo in a play
I was like memorizing my lines
I was just pacing back and forth
I was like who is this person
I told you to cherish you
I got to memorize these things
it kept me sane during
a very crazy threshold
yeah I was keeping the secret of
that performance
but like right before we got married
when we did our
first look photo op
I don't know if you and Emily did that
no we went and got married
at a 5
50 times no we have been married many times
but we just went to like the
what's it called town hall
the square
we went to the square, got married
the pit
we went down to the mosh pit
got married
and then told my parents so we didn't have
what's the first look photograph
they do photographers now
because
it makes more sense to take pictures
before the wedding than after the ceremony
you do a
first quote unquote first look photograph
that's supposed to take place of
the photos that you would get
when the bride is first walking down the aisle
so it's a very
stage thing where Dan's back
is to me and I walk up and they're like
alright Dan turn around
like before the wedding here's your
bride and then there are a bunch of people
taking pictures of it
but during that Dan was like
so are you gonna read your vows
are you memorized
and I was like oh I
I knew I'd forgotten something
I
have not done that yet
I was very focused on
all the other details of the wedding
and I also thought that I was going to be like
struck by some inspiration
for my vows which I guess never happened
I promise to dinosaur you
to
I
like there would be some news item that would come through
you will be my big elephant
cause we were at the natural
history museum and there were dinosaurs and elephants
everywhere
the cat that fought off that dog
that tried to kill that child
you can see it right now on YouTube
I promise to not do that to you
or to do that for you
alright anyways
yeah we got married it was fun
you thought you were usual suspects or wedding vows
yes
your vows were great and it was good
also because I had done
that other thing which is basically vows
I sang
the karaoke version of I'll stand by you
while my bridesmaids did a choreographed dance
holding
giant cardboard heads of Dan's face
it was
fine
that's good
yeah
and at our final rehearsal
Dan was texting me
and I wasn't answering his text because I was singing
I'll stand by you and imagining
this whole thing and he got very
mad at me cause I wasn't returning his
text and I couldn't
it's pretty ironic to not respond to someone
because you're too busy singing I'll stand by you
for them
alright
well the only thing left to do
is to bring up Spencer Crittenden
thank you thank you very much
lovely applause and it made me
feel eight times more self
estimatious
this will make you feel self-estimatious
yeah Spencer had his hair down
at the wedding and you look like a
fucking romance novel cover
I looked like maybe I might have
had a cover to something like 25
years ago or something
definitely past my prime
romance novel coverman
but I you know I also
got some interesting text from Rob
Schrab earlier today
I missed that
yeah I did as well
we'll almost fill you in
because this morning
I got a text from Rob Schrab
I mean this afternoon
have you seen all that jazz
I also got that
yeah yeah
that's so rude he texted
I thought we were having a moment
you said no
of course not that's fucking
yeah no
he responds it's a Bob Fosse
biopic that Bob Fosse
wrote and directed
to which I responded is it good
and he said yeah
Harmon should make a movie like that
he's nothing if not
consistent
did he go on to tell you
no I said
you should tell him that and then he didn't respond
I'd like to read my
text conversation with Rob Schrab
this is crazy he knew we had
the show tonight so he like
was like I will be part of this show now
maybe or maybe he
like texted Spencer sincerely
Spencer said tell Dan
and then he texted me
what time did he text you
oh mine was 107
mother fucker
oh damn
let's find this
cause we can piece a whole story together
I'm gonna read
this is just like serial
Rob says
that was no payphone
mine was at 12.52pm
is that earlier than his
mine is earlier than his
mine is at 107pm
he was just that excited by the
my Rob texts me
have you ever seen all that jazz
I say
yeah but not for a super long
time and maybe not all the way through
everyone's responding sincerely and he's just
eating it up
he's just trying to get to
all that jazz
Rob says it's a Bob Fosse biopic
that Bob Fosse wrote
and directed
and I said yep I'm familiar
and then Rob says
Harmon should make a movie like that
and I said yeah I think he could
write a really funny musical
and then Rob says you could call it
all that jazz
but he never told you all that jazz
no
what lines is he trying
what is he doing
because he was last
so by then
maybe
he was already strangling her
that's more serial
what
oh that's more serial
got it yeah yeah yeah
wow I'm really confused
this is this new thing I feel left out
that I didn't get a text asking
if I've seen all that jazz
we can only hope
I feel embarrassed by how
connected I felt to Rob during that
conversation because I had
actually written a text and then deleted it
because I was like this is too much
actually when I saw Book of Mormon
I thought Dan would write a really great musical
it's so good that you're bringing this up
and we should all encourage him to write a musical
yeah jazz sounds like jazz
I think his online persona
came out of the computer killed the real Rob
and is now
fucking walking around talking to us
and eating food and stuff
it's like virtuosity
he was at your wedding
his avatar
Schrab was at my wedding
he was my best man
and Schrab before as we're about to walk down the aisle
he's still holding
the best man's supposed to hold
like the rings and stuff
he not only has both
like ring boxes
from the ring store
I've never been married before
I don't know what he's supposed to do
but I know he's doing it wrong
he's going like what do I do
he's holding a bag from a ring store
with just a bunch of shit in it
I'm like
give me that
put the rings in your pocket
we had had a rehearsal
but then during the wedding Rob
I was like here in that
and had the two boxes
and you don't know
it's like why don't you know
it's a wedding
you can plan it
you can rehearse it
it was very charming, very Rob
it was a really great wedding
I had a great time that night
Spencer you disappeared
anytime I go to a party
I kind of leave early
so I didn't stay too long
did you stay through the violence?
are you fucking kidding me
okay what were the vows?
Dan's
Dan's came second
they did
and
they were about ghost fighting
and fighting as a ghost
I did vow that
if I die before Aaron I will protect her
with ghost powers
that was one of my many
awesomely written vows
and then if it got
too weird for her I would allow her
I would go away
I would not haunt her second husband
I would just wait for her to die
but then her second husband should fuck off
because
our love is eternal
you really killed at our wedding
both you guys did
I was very moved
by your vows
also the whole experience of walking down
an aisle
and seeing all these people you haven't seen in a long time
and also the bride is hidden
before
the wedding
you don't know who she's going to be
hanging up upstairs
while you were talking to our friend
so walking down the aisle was this very weird
wizard of Oz moment
and you were there
it didn't really stick out
I get to walk around
you hung out
you were saying hi to people in line
it seems a little unfair
the groom gets to just walk around
get married
see you want to get married
and meanwhile I was googling vows
literally googling
vow ideas
I thought that
one more thing about the wedding
who cares except us
I thought
I anticipated that I would be unable to say
my vows because I thought that would be the height of the emotional
point
because I was killing
and I was like this is great I'm killing
no
once I was doing the vows
it wasn't that hard to get through
the peak of the emotion
for me was when you were walking down
the aisle and because our friend
Matt Gorely was singing Daniel Johnston's
true love will find you in the end
everything was
two century overload
anyways that was nice
I got it all out of my system then
Jesus Christ
and then the rest
was like I killed as you said
alright I have a quick
I have a very obvious question
do things feel different
I feel like
now I finally get to nail it
because I feel like I was
we were saving ourselves
I feel like I was a bad
being a
single guy
I don't know I feel like
I feel like this makes more sense
you know
yeah
that resonates with me emotionally
and also you want to tell them about
the thing that happened
in our sleep even unconsciously
sure
yeah this week
you
and maybe
you can attest to this how long were you guys
engaged before you got married
we just got married
we went
to the pit
we went to the pit and got married and called my parents
and were like hey I'm married do you want to meet my wife
they said yes
which is great
that sounds great
I think that like the
with us like with this engagement
period and I'll just speak for myself
like everything was like
alright we're playing this
this football game
he's passing the ball the certain way
I don't know why I wanted to do
football
yeah why would you pick the thing you know nothing about
side note I had
45 seconds today where I thought I really like soccer
was it the only 45 seconds
where a goal was scored during the game
it was this moment where
Shakira is singing
and I love Shakira
the world
soccer world football was on and the teams
are all soft drinks
and one guy
this sounds like a dream you had
and my dad was
naked from the waist down
um
they were playing
that's your go to for what your dreams are like
because it's okay because it was a dream
but it's also upsetting
um
I actually do have a lot of drinks where my dad's like
Donald Duck
uh
Anywho
no no anywho
no no rest of the night
rest of the night is questions and answers
do you not have those dreams where I like someone
where my dad's dick is no
but I've never dreamt of my dad's
dick
I've only fanned sorry
sorry
go ahead
goblin a la approves
um
I had a dream that Michael Jordan was trying to kill me
go ahead though
it's not important but there were
I turned on the television
and uh soccer
was on and
the ball was going so fast
and then someone
like they kicked the ball
and then you know they pretend to be hurt all the time
and this guy just fell back on his back
and I was like oh
and then everybody on his team was like oh no
and I was like this is really
interesting and crazy
but then for like the next 30 seconds I was like
no no no
boring
I will say this to go back to an earlier question you had
we got married and then she was like
I've never got proposed to
and so randomly a couple years later I proposed to her
after we've been married
good what did you do
for your proposal
we were in Montauk
we were
just staying at a hotel
vacation that weekend and it was at night
and we were playing video games
and I was like hey let's go for a walk at the beach
and she was like it's kind of cold
and I was like no let's go for a walk
on the fucking beach
and so I forced her out
and it was kind of cold
and I was like will you marry me
can we go back inside
I heard you did bro
come on
there was a horrifying
crab there
it was the worst thing I've ever seen
for the size or just ugly
it was ugly and big
and like sideways walking
like
it was a nightmare thing
it was the crab of your new life together
it will not always
look pretty but it will
be efficient and protected
and it has a shell
I was talking Erin about
I'm telling you tell them the story
because if I tell it it's not fun
about what I apparently
did in my sleep
right so
this last week
a few nights ago
I was leading up to just saying that
during the engagement
being married feels less stressful
to me it feels like
well yeah we bought the house
and now here we are
it's falling apart but
made my bed
lock and load
anyway a few nights ago
Dan talks in his sleep pretty frequently
and a few nights ago
was farting in his sleep
and there were
because and I'll just help
clean this up
maybe you are a noble knight
I think everyone knows why people fart
but explain
but more so for me because
that's the wedding approach
there was a certain point where I was like
I'm not going to lose anymore weight by our wedding
I'm going to look like a fat piece of shit in our photos
so I just started eating a lot of ice cream
and I think
I may be lactose intolerant
every day
for their
I lost 30 pounds in 30 days
and at some point I was like fuck it
and
where
Spencer was he having you get ice cream
well not ice cream
but just peanut butter
and just anything on a corn cob
butter shower
I would have a shower brought him with butter
I'm not mad about you eating ice cream
it's just hilarious
based on like you're coming home
and me saying I really worked hard today
I was like cool cool cool me too
I didn't say I never said me too
I just was like cool cool
but meanwhile you were eating ice cream
ice cream the horror
of foods
so this is why you were farting in your sleep
so Dan has
farted in his sleep before
and has woken himself up
and sometimes has
there have been a couple occasions
where he's farted in his sleep
and like what?
what come on
come on
can we let's pull it together
not an exaggeration
in his sleep he talks to me like
I'm his second maid on a submarine
and I
am getting water in the boat
and he's like let's
be professional
water in the boat
yeah
but a few nights ago
Dan I think the
most
I'm going to say
majestic
but not in a way that I think
in a the grossest
the most like
triumphant beginning of a symphony
by Beethoven
that's all horns fart
happened for a very
long comical time
I was awake
and Dan was asleep
and it was it was absurd
there were highs and lows
there were like emotional like
oh god will they
oh okay good they're safe
in this
fart and I knew that Dan was going to
wake up that fart sounds like it had
more pluck than teen wolf
yeah
absolutely
it was a steel magnolia's fart
at the end of it
I was just
looking at him because I knew he would
wake up and he didn't open his eyes
and just said husband
and that is that story
if I told that story
it would be like what are you
bragging about
yeah I don't know
husband
I'm assuming that was shame based
like I was like
maybe in my dream I was looking at myself
farting I was yelling at myself
you had a great tact
to that fart
you lost 30 pounds in 30 days
that's crazy
kind of yeah
I'm keeping them a secret somewhere
what did you do
I did
I did a
doctor prescribed
it's kind of embarrassing but I guess it worked out
you don't have to talk about it I was just curious
no it's fine
I ate a bunch of tapeworms
and then stared at pictures of
Rebecca Gayheart from 1995
because that's what they had
no I went to a doctor
and prescribed this diet which is basically
100 calories a day
what?
it's starvation
you don't have to do it women
you don't have to
I loved her
and never asked for any of this
and
got fat to inspire her
hoping she would catch on
we're getting married
we can be fatter than ever
a lot of it was like that diet
sounds crazy no one could ever do that
I should see if I could do that
so yeah
I think technically I lost
because I was losing weight because I was exercising
a lot before
the doctor prescribed
this mattering of applause in this room
is very confusing
there's so many factions of people
there's the lady that thinks
that if I talk to lesbians about their boobs
like the prisoner
is happening
but she's quiet well you're talking about losing 30 pounds
the exercise freaks in the back
exercise is the way to go
I think also
30 pounds sounds like
a lot
I'm 5'10 so like 30 pounds on me
like isn't as crazy
30 pounds is a lot
500 calories a day
what did you eat like what did it look like
can I ask I don't know if it's interesting
I'm so curious
I didn't do it for the full time
but like my day was
an apple
and then like
a half a chicken breast
and vegetables
the main thing was like having no additives
and no
that was kind of the
thing
you weren't allowed to wear oil based makeup
like the doctor that prescribed it
it was a whole thing
also the doctor who prescribed it
sounded exactly like Werner Herzog
which was
a thing
this is not something
to take lightly
I will give you this
cautiously
you will look good
but at what cost
I was into it because over the last year
I put on weight that I didn't
want which is usually the case
yeah I just wanted to
lose it quickly
but no matter what you're shaped like
you're a beautiful human being and you shouldn't let people convince you
or worse yourself convince you
the fact that you look how you look
did I get her back
yeah you got her back
your body does not define you
am I getting this right
I see pictures of myself
and I'm skinny or fat and I'm like
I wasn't happy back then either
the shape of your body
is a lot like money
you'd be surprised how miserable you can be
looking really good
and how happy you can be being really fat
however you look
how you look it's how you want to look
you look that way because you want to look that way
it's over my threshold
of feeling comfortable
I mean we both get there
but you and I are going to be
we're going to take a journey together
where we're like
we're going to
our favorite pastime is never going to be hiking
I'm not ruling it out
but you and I are at our best
when we are watching a movie
and there's probably some ice cream
involved
I don't want to
hinge our happiness
on how we look
I want us to be happy
it's a rollercoaster
I think from where you're sitting
this diet that I did
also I did not lose 30 pounds
on the diet
you told me at one point that you lost 30 pounds
I was going by you
I was talking about
when I had started exercising
really hard
for like two months I was exercising so much
and I just
I just lost
I didn't lose a lot of weight
and then I went to Berner Herzog
and he said you are healthy enough
if you want to make this commitment
there is
an agreement you must make
he gave me a physical
and during the physical which was terrifying
I kept on asking him which I've never done
with a doctor before like
safe
it is a strange word
capable of so much
damage
I will not play the recording
Nazi Germany was safe
for the Nazis
this penguin
stomach is safe
not for herring
but for the penguin
he did say several times
oh so tall
that does sound like a Nazi
so tall
your skeleton
so elongated
so
fireplace mental worthy
what what
I was asking
just because I stress a lot
about what I eat
and I feel bad
if I don't eat well
and it's been like this since I was probably 14
I've worried about how much I weigh
since then
till today all the time
were your parents stressed out about your
no they didn't
which is good they shouldn't
where do you think that came from when you were 14
I don't know but I remember eating fried chicken once
and being like I am so horrible
and it's still like that
and I love eating
so if I eat something bad
I get like really
I feel really really horrible about it
and then it's like
it's just me it's on myself
it's not nobody else
that has put any of this pressure on me
I can't remember who it was
it was like some writer or something that mentioned
running into you
and I ran into Camille
and I was talking to him for a while
but he was like coming out of the gym
and I was really distracted
by his
immense upper body
yeah you look great
that's the nicest thing I've ever heard
like you were just talking to him
like ah it's so good to see you
ah I'm coming
alright we'll deal with that in a second
ok
bit from column A bit from column B
I tried to launch into my Camille
I can't
I can't talk like Camille
I always have to go to the word cunt
I can't do that
I can't
can you talk like Camille
you are
they were
distracted by how overwhelmingly
powerful
and sexy your body was
backed away from it
affected and disturbed
that's the effect I'm going for
there is one day when you came to
Nerdmelt
before a Harmontown show
where everyone was like whoa
what
you're fine
I know I'm fine
but it's just
people don't
we think about these things we think about
ourselves
but I think we don't tend to say
well you know Camille could really
beef up
nobody cares
but then when you come in
and your arms are
large and you've got that neon
muscle T
neon muscle T
and there's a moment
I was like wow
Spencer how do you feel about your body
oh it's terrible
it's a real train wreck
over here
I get up and I survey the damage
and I'm like well
we better get to work
but not to work fixing it
to work doing my job
and then I get home from work and I'm tired
I wonder how to tell people
I know for sure
that people in the world are supposed to
they're supposed to
hold themselves to a different standard
they're holding themselves physically
for sure but at the same time
there's also a total acknowledgement
of the fact that we're a disgusting nation
that we are definitely
we should
keep ourselves healthy and stuff
that's a totally different thing from being sexy
like our standards
of what we look like and whether or not
we're beautiful people
has totally different from whether or not
you are happy in yourself
and whether you feel good
I know I'm never
I think I'm just generally obsessed
I'm just always conscious of like
I look like a piece of shit
I'm like a piece of garbage
but then there's moments where I'm like
oh I really look like a piece of shit
I look like a piece of shit
it's never healthy
it never comes from a good place
body dysmorphia what's up
yeah
with the me losing
weight
like it really wasn't even
related to the wedding it just seemed
like a
good time to do it
and I totally agree with you
and I'm not
I'm not aspiring to
be like super
thin because I don't think I'm comfortable
super thin
I just wanted to feel
like I don't know
like myself again
like a sexy piece of shit
alright yeah we did it
that's what we are two sexy pieces of shit
we got married together forever
alright
Spencer do you think
what do you think
I never know what's going on with you
I just you know
I don't know what you're saying man
I don't know what you're trying to allege here
it's a lot to process
do you want to play D&D
I always want to play D&D
should I get it out like I am
get it out
I am
for the best man gift I guess it's a tradition
you get your best man gift and I get Rob a Segway
because he's directing a lot of
community episodes so I got him a Segway
so he could roll around the
the lot
Spencer took a day and he made it look like
Skutt the disposable assassin
aww
so Rob has like a little yellow robot
thing
now he can like roll around and write us all weird
texts about
so Rob's resting face is a Segway face
what do you mean
no I expected
everyone on stage to be like yes yes
no I mean like Rob's resting face
oh yeah he's got Segway
he always looks like he's on a Segway
yeah
I'm Swiss but like I know this is stupid
slightly judgmental better than you
yeah yeah
to me Rob Schrab always looks like
he's reacting to someone unseen
who's disapproving of him so
that's almost the complete opposite of what
you guys are talking about like he's just always like
he's shaking his head like someone
anytime you walk into a room
no I'm saying it's defensive like that Segway face is defensive
it's like I know that you've attacked me and I'm going
to stand by my
Segway
so I was so jealous of his
because I wrote around on his I got my own
you guys are racing it
so I don't have a car
but I have a Segway
Segway's are awesome
I've written one once and I had a great time
do you write it on a tour
yeah kind of I was in Miami
the worst place in America
no one who's been there
can disagree with me
but they have all those
shootings in all those clubs
I mean it's got a lot going for it
Segway's are like
rolling luggage to me it's the thing
that on paper it's like this is perfect
this is what everyone needs but then you look
at it and you're like
I can't cross that threshold
rolling luggage
it's just like you look at it and you're like
I can't cross that threshold
what is it like when you look at it
you're just like I mean
you know you see
something and it's like it's like a fanny
pack you know you just look at it and you're
like yeah it's like you can't
you get it you get it
completely but you're not going there
you know you sound like Margaret
Joe
I'm not going there
she's not it's a fanny pack
I agree with you
walk around the witch
yeah well I mean I walk around
sure I love it
I've traveled with you
and I walk a lot
yeah you do we all do
you seem uncomfortable when you're carrying
your bag Dan also has a thing
against rolling luggage
I have a bag that I call 360
you get me a bag that has
it's a double bag and then it
transforms into a rolly
and I slowly started just
rolling with it
why don't you like rolling luggage
same as Spencer I looked at it
and I was like yeah
you're not going to cross that threshold
it's the only way to describe it
you get it
that makes you like the cool kid in high school
that makes fun of the kid with a rolling bag
those kids were
fucking lame
that's what it comes from
you see those kids and you kick their backpacks
because it's like fuck you
but in your mid 20's
might not be comfortable
well that's why I don't kick them anymore
I just don't partake
when you travel on a plane
you have to have a rolling luggage
you do not
it really makes your life so much easier
agreed
well I don't know if that's true
it makes your life easier during certain
specific stretches
but then you're exchanging that
when you're looking at yourself in the mirror
and you're just
it's fun
also if you're going down a ramp
you can let it go and you can be like
who's going to get there first
you can play the who's going to get there first game
you know that fun
airport game
thanks for making new character sheets
you are committed to this
what
what is that
thank you that's a nice compliment
you're welcome
I just figured out how to react to that just then
I think if you could travel
with just a backpack you'd be the ultimate person
which is what I try to do
if I'm going to Miami for the weekend
I'll just put a couple underwear in a backpack
and then I'm just like
they go are you checking
I'm like what is anyone talking to me about anything for
I got my shit on my back
no one can fuck with me ever
but then you say to your partner like where's the toothbrush
and where's the prowess
where's my underwear
those don't fit in a backpack though
I mean it's like pants that don't fit in a backpack
and I don't talk like that
and you married me
and if that's how
you married a monster and that makes you worse
than a monster
you're like the rancor keeper and return to the Jedi
like the rancor
it was a grover
it was a grover voice
what happened to my character
why is Elmo so popular
Elmo's a baby
he's certainly not intelligent
he has a lot of problems understanding
very basic concepts I've noticed
Elmo's character is
literally a baby
yeah I know
that explains why he's so dumb
does this show have any value
for anybody anymore
it used to be like
well it was a learning show for kids
and it
differentiated with the existing class system
because the kids lived on the street
Sesame Street
the idea was
it was a street
it was like brownstone steps
and stuff it was like oh guess what
this is where you live
it was multi-ethnic and it was like revolutionary
teaching in a read
cut to Elmo that's some bullshit
that show got
caucasized
I'll tell you that
what turned into bullshit
caucasized? yeah I'll figure it out later
I'll write a blog about it
I'll hashtag it
what does caucasized mean
look it up
it's like whitewash
don't look it up I made it up
it means whitewash
did you grow up with Sesame Street?
nope see he's fine
yeah we didn't get Sesame Street
did you have an equivalent?
was there like an educational Pakistani show that was
no
but there was a guy who would teach
you how to draw
should live next door
yeah
yeah he'd live next door
I'd go over to his house
teach me how to draw
my parents hated him
no before I went
to school every day
they would show one cartoon
which was like Tom and Jerry or something
and there would be a guy who would teach you how to draw
and he would pronounce the colors wrong
like instead of yellow
he would call it yulo
and then kids would send in drawings
and he would just fucking rip them apart
why
that was on Sesame Street
why haven't we been talking about this
for six years
what did you talk about?
what were his critiques
of the kids drawing?
like very high level
but there's no balance
there's no perspective
the colors are all over the place
and it's like a five year old drill
sent it in
and he's like and this yulo over here
no sense
that sounds so good
so I would watch it
and I loved watching it
when I was a kid I wanted to be a cartoonist
but I was never good at it
and I'll tell you the day I quit
there was a girl I had a crush on
this was the fifth grade
so the art teachers really liked me
and it was like if your drawing got an A
they would post it up outside the classroom
and I would always get an A because I was a good kid
but I couldn't draw so it would be all these beautiful drawings
and everyone would be like why is that there
oh it's Kamel he's a good kid
but one time
we had to draw our own hand
and I couldn't get it right I erased it
and I drew it and I erased it and I drew it
and then finally at the end of class I went up to my teacher
to show it like is this good
and it was her and Sana Raza
the girl I had a crush on in fifth grade
and they both looked at this drawing
and they laughed and then they caught themselves
like they felt really bad for it
they were like haha oh
really really horrible
and that was the day
I never spoke to Sana Raza again
and I decided I wouldn't be an artist
I was really bad
it's good
Sana Raza
you were born with a stencil
what do you mean
I mean on your body
she's still giving you
shit for not drawing a hand right
all these years later
she's like why couldn't you just draw
a good hand
don't Sana Raza me
I would
aww
I was just bad at it
I had a comic strip I would draw called Mr. Karate
I was wondering what your main
what could you explain the hero of that
Mr. Karate
he was a guy he knew Karate
he had no choice
his name was Mr. Karate
and
he would had a little radio
and he would go and then
kick people's asses
he had a little radio
he would tune into the police scanner
oh it was a two way radio
it was a
I just knew I could draw a box
so the radio was a box
and I could draw this one guy in profile
so his fights were always in profile
and I would draw
a bandana
who were the villains
just
like thieves and stuff
nothing too high level
how old were you
when you were drawing Mr. Karate
I probably quit
I was probably like
11 or something 12
too old I think to
have dreams
anyway I still can't draw
all I could draw is a ninja turtle
I can draw in Spectre Gadget
Pac-Man and Garfield
I could do Pac-Man
not like I can
I bet not
we're talking circles
yeah Pac-Man the cartoon
nevermind it's not important
oh
alright we have five minutes
oh well we started 15 minutes
late so we really have 20 minutes
oh shit
these people have been waiting their whole lives for tonight
so we have 23 years
is that when they're dying
oh no that's when they were born
sorry math is no good
let's get it started right
right
are we getting the musical music
sounds like
shit
atmospheric
wow this must be great as a video podcast
oh fuck
oh
man
I want to come to Harmontown.com
slash live
every
week
in January
for a nominal fee to pay for the
servers
of course the audio podcast will always
be free
but with the video podcast
do you feel
alive
open your mind
feel yourself
slip
you no longer crave
cigarettes or sauces
cigarettes and sauces
you
highly addictive sauces
are no longer a part of your life
visual eyes
can mail in your living room
I'm going to stand up for myself
at work tomorrow
people
are going to remember
my name
you ever hear those tapes
and they're just making you want to kill yourself
because you're like holy shit this can be an ambition
I'm going to affect people
people can see
you
alright here we go
people know who you are
I have a right
to breeze
you may dungeon master
I mean that's so much better isn't it
see
this is just going to be a bummer
when we last met
our heroes had just returned
from underground finding themselves
in an overgrown tomb
after teaming up with a ghost
named Lil Baskins the gang
trekked underground in pitch darkness
along the ghost way and then
slaughtered a pair of rhinoceri
for them their pelts
but after exiting the ghost way
our gang was waylaid by a
constructed ambush
two gnolls swearing vengeance
for their fallen packmate
summoned skeletons and began to attack
but dignity quickly stymied the onslaught
with some well placed diplomacy
after talking down
the furry monsters
Sharpie got to the bottom of their pain
and after a fierce negotiation
sold an ancient and priceless artifact
to the gnolls for 9000 gold
the gnolls slipped away
with the mystical artifact
leaving our heroes alone in the cold
but where would they go
what would they do
and how would they keep from freezing to death
find out now
on an all new Harmontown
I examine my surroundings
I can examine my surroundings
you are allowed
to examine your surroundings
it's true it's true
you stand in a small graveyard in the woods
vines and kudzu coat the gravestones
and overtake the gates and walls
of the graveyard
past the trees and the forest to the north
are the bone white faces
of the northern mountains
the cold cuts through your rags like nothing
stripping warmth from your flesh
like the chill of the grave
it's freezing
darkness is falling
we have our cloaks of resistance
of all that crap right
they're not seeing you
to feel this cold
this is colder cold than you've ever killed
little baskets
us of the living
find it so much colder out here than you
yeah that's why earlier I was like
y'all should get some pelts and shit yo
well I guess we'll warm ourselves
for the glow of your I told you so
good luck
thanks that really helps
it's just almost as if
I anticipated this might happen
and wanted to warn against
we got the yeah
it's an I told you so
just keep tasting it
trying to help
not anymore
you're doing the cabbage patch
on the end zone of our deaths
but I told you so right
yeah now we're dying
little little baskets
why is it so cold
because it's the north
sorry it's the north
why did you know it was going to be cold
just because it was
well I'm a guide I should know stuff like that
if there's going to be traffic or
can you can you guide us to
a less cold place
well not if the place you're going
that I'm guiding you to is in a
colder place no okay can we
where can we get pelts like
is there a place we can go to get pelts
is this gonna kill us this cold
we'll eventually okay it'll get
colder even okay great
is there a place we can get
pelts before we move on
what what what can we do
I don't know I mean you could probably
find someone who's selling pelts maybe
if there's any local
you know furriers
or you could hunt them
yourself I mean there's animals
they exist
we should go hunting yeah let's
go hunting
are you wearing a pelt I'm sorry
I can't see no I'm a
I'm a dead ghost
that's the worst kind
got it
alright hunting montage
what kind of animals are about
you know just squirrels
and woodland creatures
are there are there
woodland creatures such as bears
uh you know they're
hibernating at this time of year really
oh we could get them while they're sleeping
that's very true
is there a we can we
head towards our cave or we know they're
bear sleeping
I don't think no you don't just know
if caves nearby with bears sleeping them
exist you can try and look for such a cave
I suppose I thought you were a guide
I'm a guide I'm not
a cave spelunker
we're gonna find a cave
and build a fire and live
and just live our life
and possibly repopulate society
wait we have to form
a new alphabet a new history
I'm on board
let's do we can have a new religion
I have a ring of thick skin
I'm assuming that's no you don't
he might
if you do it just increases
your armor class
okay so I figured
I have an armulet of autumn I can't make
warm
well it it
currently is autumn so you could just
make it now
Avenger
hey
fly into the winter sky
and see if you can spy
a cavern
an opening we're looking for shelter
cave
alright let's do it
he does that
and he goes around in the air
and what he sees
is a cave
he comes down and tells you oh man
the trees they stop
there's this cave where they stop
fucking great
let's go to the cave what do you guys think
yeah let's do it
alright we're going to the cave
he points in the direction
with his little claw
how does he pull his wing
his wing yeah
that is very cute
can I do that
I take a mental picture
can he give a thumbs up with his wing
no he doesn't have thumbs
Avenger point over at that tree over there
he does so
Avenger point at
Christopher
I feel special
I get him to point at you
he makes it feels great
hey hey hey Avenger
point at Sharpie Buttsalot
oh
you're a little guy
I mean
you know familiars are generally
animals that are much more intelligent
than they're in mundane counterparts
he uh
he said that familiars are
I'll tell you later
let's head
let's head to that cave and so we don't freeze to death
okay you do that
you get to the cave
it's a small almost
acceptable deeper crack
in a large rock
you don't even know how Avenger could have seen it
from up there his eyes are so
keen I suppose but
it's just a crack
crack in the woods everybody
hang back for a second I'm gonna
mage light this shit
I mage light a
a rock
and throw it into the cave can I do that
like a road flare yeah you do that
and you throw it into the cave and it illuminates
a larger space within that kind of
takes a turn to the right
hello
I'll handle this
you uh
you don't hear a response
let's go in
we'll go in
we all go in
alright
you all go in and what you see
is bears you just see
you see two bears
they're nestled in dirt and
grime you know I did my best
yeah you see
your stone off maybe a couple feet
away from them and it's just kind
of lurking
a bear starts stirring one of
them does
are we gonna kill these bears
I guess we have
for goodness
I take my
sword
are their necks near each other
you want to do one swipe
two bear heads
no they're kind of like
sleeping past each other
like they're head to foot of each other
oh they're 69ing
yeah sure it's more like
11ing
are they scissoring
that's not a thing
bears don't scissor
you have to be careful to get
the whole head off in one because it can't make any sound
otherwise it's gonna wake the other one up
you know the old expression
let sleeping beheaded
bears
lie
no time at all
behead them quickly and silently
they'll wake up
I don't know why it's a thing it's not catchy at all
it kind of tapers off
I'm going to
with my
rope
oh no
I think you just cut the head off
with the sword
well I'm just thinking that if I tie
their necks
together I can prevent against the other one
but once you cut the ones head off
it's free again because
you see what I'm saying
no but if I tie both of their necks down while they're sleeping to
rocks
but why don't you just kill them
it makes sense
but I will take
can I cut with two hands
how ambidextrous am I
I mean not super ambidextrous
you're going for both at the same time
I feel like this is folly
they're too far away
the way their necks are positioned
you'd have to be really stretching in both directions
okay well how about this
I'm going to go to the
more Walter Math out looking one
I'll go to the Jack Lemon
great I'll take the carrot
top
is there a carrot top bear
let's each take a bear
no there's not any bears that remind
me of historical bears
like carrot tops
why don't you just be ready
in case something happens
let's take a bear how many bears are there
there's two bears
I'll supervise yeah
sorry I didn't hear there were two bears
don't supervise you're going to security guard
okay so I go to
the grumpier looking bear
I'm going to hold up my sword
Chris do you want to
yeah I mean I have a shortbow
I have a ribbon dagger I have a poison dagger
what do I use I should use a poison dagger
and just
cut the head off
or in his eye
no into his brain
all right
maybe
what do you think what do you
think Sharpie you're supervising this
I think these bears are
going to die
and I cast bear light
no don't wake him up
what are you doing I don't want to wake him up
you cast bear light
why are you waking him up it's a light
only detectable by bears
it wakes him up
why I'm kidding
I'm kidding
it's a mage bit
I won't wake up
these bears I'm kidding
you guys should have seen your faces
just kill the bears
just kill them kill them with your
edged weapons all right so I got
my poison dagger at the bear's throat
and she's got her sword at the bear's throat
you count to three yeah okay
well their throats are like on the ground
yeah well done
no like up against the ground
like you can't have your
you can't have your blade up against their throats
why not why can't we just punch down
because that'd be wedging
between the throat and dirt
like that'd be like if I slit a dagger
just across your throat
no it's better because there's a neck
on the ground we can just we can
punch down by the
neck
the sides of the neck meat that's not going to kill anything
uh what
well I if you
can I get someone from the audience
to lay down face
down
yeah face down
yeah alright so then I'm going to
cut his neck like this
that's not the throat that's the neck
okay you can do that
I just want to cut off a head
okay sure thank you sir thank you
you can do that sorry it's just
oh the old neck versus throat debate
they're different
alright I have my
also the neck
goes all the way around
it sure does and the throat is a very
specific part of the neck
alright we put it to their necks
okay great thank you
Jesus this fucking guide
I just think it has to make sense
you guys said throat man
well maybe we want to get to the throat
from the long way
well you could do that definitely
yeah we'll start at the neck and get
to the throat
alright okay so you count to three
Sharpie
bear like no
no no there's no such
spell you have nothing to worry about
there's no such spell are you yelling that
count to three could wake the bear up
you want me to cut to three are you
are you a bear what is your
do you know ask her
on certain parts of town you might
I will drop a handkerchief what do you want
for me what is this
count to three
one okay we're doing it on
three yeah okay let's go
start over because it goes one two
three bear cut okay
not one two bear cut
okay one two three bear cut
one two
bear cut no
fucking with
you guys
all your bear
I didn't get a chance to have a good time
we're always facing off of enemies
that are bigger than us and there's
some sleeping bears we're adorable
it's a little sad
yeah I say if we can't do this
and have a little fun alright one
wait hold on hold on
now I was standing up and yelling at you
let me get back to my dagger
on the neck
alright the neck right thank you
throat yeah who gives a shit
the dorsal surface of the
neck
so bears don't sleep on our faces
that's true
can't argue that
but none of them hibernate
one
two
remember it's on three but not
it's three bear cut
bear cut we got it
one two
three
I have to kind of pee
I cut I cut
cut cut cut cut
alright yeah yeah
I get the habit I'm trying to lose
you find a sleeping bear
rather easily
or easy to slaughter
oh well that's sad
oh what did you
now I feel bad about it
they're both they're dead
oh yeah
gurgling
while struggling to cuddle you
while
while looking for her cubs
the
exsanguinated mammals
I don't what do you expect
you just you slid
sleeping bears throats
I cut the head and I
take the head off
and I throw it up in the air and get under it
so it lands on my own head like a crown
it it
oh wait
it does that
bear killer
let's get warm
that's your big line
after killing the bear
let's get warm
things are heating up
alright well
well okay so do we know how to
skin a bear
I'm just gonna can I just go for it
I'm just gonna cut off the
like an apple
the skin
like
like in a spiral
it's like when you order a drink with a twist
of bear
no no no
like if I was eating
a blueberry pie but I was
gluten free I cut off the crust
but I use the
I like
that that got a more gross response
than us chopping a bear's head
off and wearing it as a crown
that was fine but not eating
the crust of a pie gross
monsters
I should
I'm gonna go down with my major light
and make sure the rest of the cave is
unoccupied oh it's a very shallow cave
there's not really anything
else to even explore
I just take a moment
to myself and I just go
life
all right
okay we start skinning
the bears yeah dignity manages
to cut off several several
ragged ragged chunks of pelt
that can probably be stitched
together or you know turned
into clothes in some way
just vomit it on
oh you know what I just found out
I remembered I'm allergic to bear
pelt
fuck
no I mean
I mean it's not like
we're not working for you I mean
we're gonna stay warm or we're gonna die
what was that test
they put a bear pelt on me
and it had a very bad reaction
what do you want us to find kangaroo
okay so I'm not allergic to kangaroo
maybe you could just wear mud
that's that's very harsh
not nice
I mean weird twist like we'll
we'll put on the bear and
can you stitch
I think so
she starts stitching the bear
she doesn't have any stitches
oh you're not you're not
what's her name not as far as I know
you're not what's her name
I have thieves tools
would they have like needles and
no
okay
I uh
well we're not going to be cold forever
maybe can you stand
between us with a coat of mud
to not be allergic
well but I don't know how
we're gonna stitch the bear pelt into
coats anyway
well I was just thinking about cutting the bear pelt
and then cutting like a whole like a poncho
oh yeah like a
like a circular
yeah two bear ponchos
and then you put a hole and then you drape over
like a Christmas tree skirt
yes and then a rope
around the waist so it looks like sleeves
oh you know how we fucked up
if we hadn't cut the bear's head all the way off
we could have had like a hoodie with like the bear head
that's fucking cool
but we cut the head all the way off
we can ask baskins for
to point us in the direction of
of more bears
oh baskins what are you doing
oh I'm just hanging out
what are you doing
uh
we're looking for an ending
trying to
I'm pelting the bears to create
a bear fur poncho
that happens
you do that you make two ponchos
I
remember my mother
my mother
it's
it's uncomfortable
that's good that's good keep going
keep going that's the way that's where the ending is
she was a bear
oh no
my mom was a bear
so you just remembered that your mom was a bear
so we were walking into this cave and you were like where are the bears we can kill
and now you recall
my dad
we left my dad
somewhere
didn't we leave my dad somewhere
abril darkstar
the shards of power
uh
your mom's a bear
your mom's a good bear
weren't people
I made that one up
I found treasure
I didn't
are you disgusted by us
bears
your mom
your mom's friends they did mahjong together
all these bears
uh
I sit down and I start crying
hmm
I'm not gonna help
figure out an ending
I'm sitting here
I sit down and I start crying
and then my tears
fall down to the dirt
and then I look at the pattern of tears
and it spells out the end
no
do they continue
nope
I'm not gonna help
I notice that
the rate of my tears
and the distance
of my tears
stains on the ground
have a certain correlation
that allows me to invent
geometry
I figure it out
if I'm not allowed to make a fishing pole
I invent geometry
no
I mean geometry already exists
at least fucking roll to see
at least roll to see if I invent geometry
why don't you roll
it's already invented
you don't know
it's not in the common history
you're not well educated
but I'm thinking that I invented it
in this moment
do they have
do they have trigonometry
what do they not have
they don't have trigonometry
well you don't know trigonometry
to invent it
but no one can
do it yet
so he knows just as much as anybody else
he knows that it should exist
that's more than most people
alright explain trigonometry
if you know it so bad
say anything about trigonometry
okay so you know geometry
like three of those
alright goodnight folks
let's have
we'll see you next week